the pasionaria the event
a unit of the organization
ubs also has the opportunity
for those who have never seen
the magnificent stadium
to set the price
And so on
if the list of specific packages
what saddens me tonight
you are angry it is that m
afternoon presence
I mixed people who asked me if I could have places
I have not yet had the time to ask him more
in addition to places
it's a bit annoying for everyone for national teams because
it's like that
three sheaves to play
who will be champion
and it's a source of inspiration for him
of the regional commission
menus all work well
you go out that we have tonight a European Cup match at the
four competitors
but still
futsal
had come out a little bit
animation can last from the mass
until now it was a church
the players do not know what is pleasant about this technique
but as and when flowers measure basically if you wish
she must get to see
side specifically gamers all his life
and we will have referees specifically
observation that we do that
Midi-Pyrénées
kirby too friendly
the specificity of this concern